# Food-Ordering-Management


Online Food Ordering Management System is a kind of business that serves people all over the world with readymade Food management. Currently, this industry is going on with a lot of flares. People feel more comfortable with a lot of variations in the selection and consumption of their Food management in their busy life. This system will provide the customer all the details of his order before making the order. This confirmation will help customers to check the items ordered with their prices. This system will show the time by which the order will be delivered to the customer. For pick-ups, customers can fix the time by which they will pick their order. Let’s concentrate on booking an area in a restaurant. In a traditional booking system, a customer has to make a phone call in order to get his meal reserved. For each booking, he has to register manually on paper and puts the Order in a queue with specific priority according to time and quantity, and then a cook is assigned for the specific Order to complete it. This is the system for manage the restaurant business. The main point of developing this system is to help restaurant administrators manage the restaurant business and help customers with online ordering. The project is developing because; many restaurants have a lot of difficulties managing the business such as customer orders. By using manual customer ordering is difficult for the to waiter keep the correct customer information and may be losing the customer information. So, an online restaurant management system will develop to help the restaurant administrator to manage restaurant management and for customers to make their online ordering and reservation table. Other than that, this project is to upgrade the manual system and make the business easy to access and systematic.
